 At HDFC Bank, we see ourselves not just as custodians of capital but as partners in progress for individuals, businesses, and communities alike . We aim to simplify complexities, unlock opportunities and help dreams take flight . Sustainability is a core value of the Bank . Integrating ESG factors into our credit appraisal and due diligence processes is a priority . Our goal is clear: To become carbon-neutral in our operations by FY32 . We leverage data analytics, AI and automation to offer personalised services, improve response times and ensure 24x7 connectivity . We ensure Our pan India Our people are consistent network of our greatest asset . We exist to help every Indian today . We are committed to creating meaningful value for a diverse array of stakeholders .  The results for FY25 represented the first full year of operations since merger on July 1, 2023 . Risks to Net Interest Margin (NIM) stood at 3.48 er-than-expected per cent . Deposits ds to the complexity grew 14.1 per cent to H27,14,715 crore . Advances grew by 5.4 per al tensions and tariff cent . The credit deposit ratio has been brought down to 96 per cent as on March 31, 2025 from a high of about 110 per cent at the time of the merger . PayZapp, SmartHub Vyapar, Xpress Car deposit Loan, HDFC Bank One and SmartWealth continued to scale by expanding their e of reach .  This year, your Bank has introduced a new focus area - Natural Resource Management . Despite global headwinds there is for considerable optimism about the k. h h customers, helping it to become their primary banker . The Bank’s NBFC subsidiary, HDB Financial Services the Limited has recently concluded a successful IPO . Sashidhar Jagdishan is the Managing Director  Mr. Sandeep Parekh Dr. Sunita Part-Time Chairman and Independent Director Independent Director Maheshwari Independent Director RPMC NRC ITSC RPMC . Mr. Atanu Chakraborty Mr. D. Ranganath is a PGDM from IIM gislation in the Ahmedabad . He was an of National Chief Financial Officer of Infosys  Mrs. Karnad was inducted onto the Board 98,629 equity in 2000 . She was awarded "Outstanding Woman Business Mr. Sashidhar Jag Leader" at the CNBC-TV18 Indian (60) years, is the M Business Leader Awards (IBLA) 2012, and the Chief Exec was part of the 25 Most Influential Bank for Housing Finance (IUHF), an association of housing finance firms 10 present across the globe till 2024 . Mr. Bhavesh Bharucha holds a Bachelor’s the Bank in the degree in Commerce (B.Com) from ager in the Finance Sydenham College of Commerce and e the Business Economics (University of Mumbai) Mr. Bharucha heads the ell as Corporate Wholesale Banking, PSUs, MNC, Capital & Commodity Markets and Realty Business Finance .  The Balance Sheet size grew by 8.1% in the fiscal, with a 14.1 per cent increase in Deposits and a 5.4 per cent growth in Advances . The Bank’s expanding branch network, backed by digital capabilities, ensures deeper customer engagement, drives deposit growth, and broadens financial access especially in the semi-urban and rural regions . First bank in India to offer Credit Card in 100+ cities . First ever mega merger in Indian banking industry – Times Bank merged with HDFC Bank 2012-98 . Launched first international Debit Card in in Auto Loans, Personal Loans, and India in association with Visa International Credit Cards . Began its digital journey by launching online real-time NetBanking .  As on March 31, 2025, it managed J9.08 lakh crore portfolio, serving a diverse clientele . Bank ranks among the top three MSME lenders in 21 states including a leadership position in 14 . Agriculture finance remains a key In terms of servicin revenue stream with strategic relationship team e diversification into high-yield segments with customers to like dairy and horticulture . Bank will focus on enhancing digital account management, streamlining workflows and reducing administrative effort through technology-driven solutions . MSCI ESG Rating – AA 1 523.84 MWh . CSR Spends on Parivart projects – HSL’s flat per cent to I3,265 crore from service app . Total Banking Out Out  HDFC Bank is deeply committed to forging strong, purpose-driven partnerships with stakeholders . By listening intently to their priorities and needs, we identify issues most critical to driving the Bank’s value creation while crafting innovative, forward-looking solutions . In FY 2024-25, a total of 1.25 corded, reflecting a rise of over 88% in learning hours per 2023-24 . Women constituting as of March 31, 2025 . The Bank has adopted an enhanced and more comprehensive ‘ESG & Climate Change Assessment’ framework, as part of our overall credit assessment for wholesale corporate borrowers . We focus on improving live areas: Rural Development, Enhancement, Healthcare Resource Management . We also partner with borro to measure and disclose E shareholders environmental impact .  HDFC Bank is committed to becoming carbon neutral in its own operations by FY32 . The Bank is an equal opportunity employer, fostering diversity and inclusion, and offering comprehensive benefits including parental leave, medical care, post retirement support to all our employees . We are transforming branch banking into a multi-format model based on a granular micro market approach . 51 per cent of our branches are Relationship Mana in Semi-Urban and Rural areas equipped with real-immediate next leg of the VRM programme . We focus on voice of customer-led process improvements digitalisation . We have been tracking our carbon footprint since 2010 and are committed to being carbon neutral . We aim to contribute to a low-carbon future while ensuring financial stability . The merger of HDFC Limited with anchored in  HDFC Bank Limited Virtual Care ensures seamless, round-the-clock support for major retail banking products, delivered through voice- and text-based channels for service continuity and convenience . Virtual Relationship Managers engage with customers across the entire lifecycle . The key pillars level government a of growth for the business are: expedite beneficiar Market Leadership in Agency related disburseme Business . At the state level, t The Bank continues to be a leader with parastatals to i in the agency business, ranking generation by facilit among the top three Agency Banks tenders . The Bank has collaborated with all tiers of to pensioners basi municipal bodies from corporations, workflows and has councils to nagar panchayats to submission of digital collection .  HDFC Bank has one of the largest home loan portfolios in offer best-in-class the country . Bank is advancing towards the mprehensive development of a centralised GenAI sustainable platform to ensure consistency, impeccable quality, security, compliance, Bank's strength scalability and innovation . India's stable political environment and supportive government policies created favourable conditions for the banking sector’s growth in FY2024–25 . Moderation in inflation, tax cuts and interest rate cuts by the RBI are expected to support urban consumption . Rural consumption is expected to improve expected to on the back of healthy agricultural ompared to production . The Bank is geographically spread across 11 cities in India with usiness a presence in both Tier I and II cities .  HDFC Bank’s risk management framework is firmly embedded across all its operations . Risk Policy & Monitoring Committee (RPMC) is responsible for steering development of licies, procedures, and systems . Risk Management Group (RMG), aded by the Group Chief Risk Officer (GCRO), drives risk nagement centrally in the Bank . Compliance function guides the first line in identifying a 2nd a consistent and transparent risk e Line of ensuring timely escalation and res Defence compliance with all applicable stat policies . Risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, as a result of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards . Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank may not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due without incurring unacceptable losses .  At HDFC Bank, Cyber Security epared (BC, DR), and Data Privacy are of paramount ly to immediate importance to us . Risks arising from geopolitical and macroeconomic factors include the following: Rising Protectionism and Economic Headwinds . At an enterprise-wide level, recognising the dynamic nature of these challenges, we remain committed to proactive risk identification and continuous scenario assessment . The Bank continues to enhance its information security posture e to strengthen through a range of strategic and cesses . The Red Team of the Bank proactively assesses our cyber assets for agement (ASM) vulnerabilities through various amme is aimed periodic tests . Emergency Response Plan deals with site-level emergencies involving life and unique, widesprea asset safety issues in the event of pandemics .  India’s ESG landscape is undergoing a significant transformation, driven by a confluence of domestic priorities and global shifts . The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has steadily evolved its ESG disclosure - Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) The Bank has instituted a robust, approving key ESG governance with applicable reg structure to ensure that sustainability voluntary reporting considerations are systematically Deputy Managing . 114 HDFC Bank Limited achieving carbon neutrality by FY 2031-32 and reducing through renewable energy adoption, energy-efficient utomated energy management . The total proceeds raised through the 90 million (H747.11 issuance of USD 300 million) were distributed total issuance, has lending to MSMEs. across two key categories: Use of Proceed Green Category- Clean Approach transportation (Electric Vehicles)  The Bank’s environmental agenda is overseen at the highest levels to ensure accountability, strategic alignment, and continuous improvement . The CSR & ESG Committee of the Board provides strategic oversight on environmental matters, including climate-related risks, emissions management, and resource efficiency . In light of the Energy Intensit merger and the resulting increase in (GJ/H Cr Revenue from operational scale) the Bank initiated a post-merger re-baselining of its GHG FY25 emissions . As of March and virtualisati 31, 2025: 2,507 branches and offices have been certified under the Indian Green Building Council's Green Interiors Rating System, including 4 Platinum, 2,391 Gold, and 112 Silver certified locations .  HDFC Bank acknowledges the In FY 2024–25, HD escalating risks posed by climate proactively aligned change, particularly in a climate-related country like India . The Bank has been undertaking significant steps standards. The Ba to integrate climate considerations accordance with th into its governance, risk management, Climate-related Fin and strategic operations. The Bank plans to progressively in responsible extend waste monitoring — including cycling e-waste — across a larger number 7 tonnes of of facilities over the coming years . The Risk Policy an Committee (RPMC) Oversight on climate related matters level committee for resides with the CSR & ESG guidelines of Reser Committee of the Board . Markets could play a key role in market repricing or pply for certain products like green loans or .  HDFC Bank Limited is tracking progress in supporting clients’ transition to a low-carbon, nancial strategy . The Bank’s financed emissions assessment culation evaluated 170 listed entities across ancial institution, 34 sectors . The exposure of such entities to ortfolio of INR 1.90 lakh crore was nducted in assessed, marking an increase of 25 nk continues to % over the previous year . The bank has implemented robust processes to monitor and measure service quality levels across touchpoints . A unique Service Quality Index (SQI) has been developed . A new generation of BookMyShow, Ma Digital Credit Cards and Flipkart amon so, customers can can spend cashb comprehensive digital credit card spends from these range with customisable and fully platforms .  The Financial Year 2024-25 saw significant progress in the Bank’s generation credit c omni-channel strategy, with digital onboarding j enhancements across NetBanking . In March 2023, the Bank relaunched PayZapp 2.0, its new-age mobile payments and commerce app . By March 2025, the platform had reached over 1.6 crore registrations . Digital Re-KYC (for standalone asset objective has been customers) consistent, secure experience regardl − FD with external funding how customers ch − Service ticket generation through SmartHub and WhatsApp . More than 55 per cent of support requests were resolved digitally . The Bank is evaluating the transformative potential of Generative iness teams, AI (GenAI) to enhance efficiencies .  In the Financial Year 2024-25, 1.25 crore learning hours were clocked, re previous year . Academy aims to equip employees to be future-ready, ready, agile and empowered to sustain our ists of content . The Bank continued its journey of building profiling instrument a strong talent pipeline across various lakh employees to leadership and critical roles in the during the year . June is celebrated as 58,000 employees Inclusion Month by HDFC Bank . Mr Kaizad Bharuc 160 HDFC Limited was “All-aging’s Bettyship theme for the 2024 Mr. Bharuc Limited . In the last 24 months, the Bank has been sharply Attrition . Attrition is also gett focusing on attrition across all levels .  The inaugural Leadership Conclave, themed “Rooted & Rising – Deep connections, limitless growth,” brought together senior women leaders to share insights and chart the path forward for the Bank . The Bank places a profound emphasis on holistic ical, Emotional, Social and Financial Wellness . Over one lakh e offering employees opportunities to actively participate . Over 3.39 lakh blood units were collected from individuals, college students, and employees through 5,533 camps across multiple states . The bank’s CSR Team transitioned from a centralised to a regional structure, s India and plant empowering state-level teams to plan and implement context- ic health . In FY 2025, employee volunteering strengthened our culture of empathy and responsibility . In-office events like mock interview International Day on Persons .  3000+ employees engaged during Diwali Exhibitions across 25+ employees p multiple office locations . 600+ employees participated in various awareness sessions volunteering 80+ h related to environment, climate supporting an ann change and waste management . Assam Development Programme (HRDP) addresses rural challenges through communities near t an integrated approach spanning rural Ranganadi, and Hi development, education, healthcare response, HDFC B & hygiene, skill development, and environmental sustainability . The project aims to towards infrastructruct rejuvenate rural economies while at Bhairabkunda E preserving the region’s natural and Spot . The Umsaiprah Eco-Tourism Committee developed: Responsible Business responsible 200 y blending cture with active Families .  Sericulture Focus Development Project aims to revitalise the sericulture sector by addressing key challenges faced by farmers . Yadav – Gyaneshwari won Gold at the National nd Limits Championships, finishing 5th at ightlifter the IWF World Championship . The 'Unstoppable: Karke Dikhaungi' athlete scholarship program, Aishwarya supported by HDFC Bank and curated Setback to by GoSports Foundation, addresses After missing Ol barriers faced by female athletes . The Bank’s Parivartan Start-up Grants continues to drive Under the flagship, Pariv Art-Start-- across India by em up Grants . The program focuses on AI range of impactful i for social good, climate innovation, and .  ‘CollectNow’ is a one-stop solution and is a first of its kind in the industry offering users convenient and efficient digital banking options . Bank partners with over 2.7 lakh institutions across the country . Bank has processed over H1,00,000 crore as collections in the Financial Year . In FY 2025, we expanded our distribution network by adding over 700 branches and 200+ ATMs/CRMs . Sustainability is built into our infrastructure via The Bank continues to leverage digital in climate-aligned infrastructure to meet our energy-efficient systems, green materials, and systems and data analytics to monitor our carbon neutrality target . Bank’s community-led climate consciousness across employee initiatives are designed to respond to local environmental engagement and learning initiatives .  The Board of Directors of the Bank, at its meeting held on April 19, 2025, has recommended a dividend of ` 22.00 rupees 20 per cent of the profits for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025 . The Bank’s key financial parameters continued to be healthy, due to its robust credit evaluation of targeted customers and a well-diversified loan book across sectors, customer segments and products . The Indian economy is expected to remain one of the fastest growing economies in 2025-26 . The bank is focusing on increasing market share in India's growing banking and financial services industry . Its business philosophy is based on five core values: • Customer Focus • Operational Excellence • Product Leadership • People • Sustainability . Your Bank's mission is to be a ‘World-Class Indian Bank  Global growth stood at 3.3 per cent in 2024 - below the historical average . India is widely expected to remain one of the fastest growing economies in Financial Year 2025-26 . Consumption demand in rural areas is expected to be supported by healthy agricultural output, lower food inflation and moderating input costs . The moderation in headline inflation was led by moderating food price inflation in H2-2024-25 . Core inflation (which excludes the volatile food and fuel prices) continued to remain below 4 per cent for most part of the fiscal year . The Xpress Car Loan (XCL) platform continued to scale as India’s largest end-to-end digital auto loan journey . The retail mortgage advances stood at ` 8,35,656 crore  HDFC Bank’s wide range of investment offerings successfully adapt to the changing economic landscape to manage and create wealth for our clients . The Wholesale Banking business focuses on institutional customers such as the Government, PSUs, Large and Emerging Corporates and SMEs . The investment banking business cemented its prominent position in the Debt Capital Markets, Equity Capital Markets and INR Loan Syndication . The Bank has provided advisory services and actively assisted clients in equity fund raising through five Initial Public Offerings (IPOs) amounting to ` 17,250 crore . In the Financial Year 2024-25, 99 per cent of pensioners successfully submitted their digital life certificates in the Pension Processing System of the Bank through a hassle-free experience . Your Bank has extended its pension disbursement services to non-HDFC Bank accounts  As on March 31, 2025, your Bank’s assets in the MSME segment stood at ` 5,24,101.10 crore . Farm sector faces threats arising out of climate change as evident from growing number of extreme weather events . Your bank emerged as one of the leading contributors to CGTMSE in the Financial Year 2024-25 . The philosophy of financial inclusion is about seamless delivery of financial services . The bank has adopted a multi-pronged approach to provide an omnichannel experience to its customers . One of the key strategies adopted by your bank is to leverage the . use of Artificial Intelligence and Automation in providing better customer service benefits . A unique Service Quality Index (SQI) has been developed to measure the performance of key customer service  The hallmark of your Bank’s risk management function is that it is independent of the business sourcing unit . Risk Policy and Monitoring Committee (RPMC) is a Board level committee, which supports the Board by supervising the Board . dit Risk, Market Risk and Operational Risk has been expanded in response to the evolving banking landscape . Your Bank has conservative and prudent policy for specific provisions on NPAs . Provisions for NPAs are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements . Digital lending has emerged as a convenient and quick method for customers to secure loans . But addressing the risks associated with digital lending is crucial, and your Bank has implemented appropriate measures to manage these risks effectively . Digital loans are sanctioned primarily to your Bank's existing customers .  Your Bank’s commitment to enhance its portfolio from a climate and ESG perspective is reflected in the development of the Board approved Sustainable Financing Criteria Framework . Your Bank has a comprehensive Know Your Customer (KYC), Anti Money Laundering (AML) and Combating Financing of Terrorism (CFT) policy . HDFC Life outperformed both the private peers and the overall sector . The focus remains clear - to build a future-ready life insurer that grows sustainably, serves responsibly and HDFC has a track of consistent profitable growth . HDBFSL is a subsidiary of HDFC Bank and is a Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) The price band for the issue has been fixed at ` 700 to ` 740 per share .  HDFC ERGO issued more than 3.4 crore policies in FY2025, of which about 92 per cent were issued digitally . Share of women in overall workforce has improved from 19% in FY22 to 27 per cent . The Bank’s CSR Policy & Environmental Social & Governance (ESG) Policy Framework are available on the Bank's website at https://www.hdfcbank.com/about-us/corporate-governance/codes-and-policies. y of the Bank . Bank encourages an open and transparent and transparent system of working and dealing amongst its stakeholders . Bank has adopted a ‘Whistle Blower Policy’ (WB Policy Policy) to empower employees to make and empower employees .  The Board of Directors complimented the improved effective oversight on the group entities . Code of conduct, board processes, board composition and boardroom culture demonstrated the best corporate governance practices adopted by the Bank . Compensation system also takes into account factors such as roles, skills / competencies, experience and grade / seniority . No significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and operations of the Bank in the future . The Integrated Annual Report including the financial statements are being sent to the Members excluding the Annexure . BNP & Associates, Company Secretaries, (ICSI Firm Registration No. P2014MH037400), were appointed Statutory Reports and Financial Statements as Secretarial Auditors of Bank for FY 2024-25  The Bank’s CSR is implemented under the aegis of ‘Parivar Parivartan aims to bring about a transformation in the co in the areas of education, skill training and livelihood enh rural development . The Bank carried out 78 mandatory impact assessment of CSR Rules . CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) tudies in FY 2024-25 as per compliance with the requirements 8 impact assessment reports . For ESOS, the market price per share at the time of grant of options was ` 1,561.30 for ESOS 56, and . 1,615.55 for . ESOS 57, and  1,751.85 for . RSU . The Black-Scholes model is used to calculate the fair value of options  The assets created / acquired by the following link: https://v.hdfcbank.com/csr/our-commitment. on address Number, if applicable 12,16,000.00 NA E- tricycles for Sugoki Lawns, 400 Persons Shaam Colony, with Disabilities Paladhi, Dharangaon, Jalgaon, Maharashtra . Mr. Atanu Chakraborty, Part-Time Chairman and 21.27 : 1 Independent Director @ Mr. M.D. Ranganath . Sandeep Parekh, Independent Director 27.35 : 1 Dr. Sunita Maheshwari, Independent 12.46 : 1 Director Mrs. Lily Vadera, Independent 17.12: 1 Director  HDFC Bank Limited’ REPORT the customers for the year ended March 31, 2025: Number of complaints (decrease) in complaints of complaints received . Total cases referred to Internal Ombudsman (IO) total of 1,50,965 cases (previous year: 1,27,112 case) Total complaints received by the bank from customers and from the Office of Ombudsman . 1,44,803 (12%) 3,013 72 94,755 21% 2,565 0 1,12,279 16% . 2,910 24 74,491 66% 3,981 0 24,472 46% 327 2 34,539 21% . None of the Directors have been debarred or disqualified from being .  The Board represents the interests of the Bank’s stakeholders in optimising long-term value by providing the management with guidance and strategic direction . Mr Chakraborty's remuneration will be increased from ` 35,00,000 (Rupees Thirty-Five Lakhs Only) per annum to ` 50,00k per . annum with effect from May 5, 2024 . The Board comprises directors that bring a wide range of s effectiveness . The Bank has a Directors’ & Officers’ liability insurance policy, which provides indemnity to its Directors and all employees in respect of liabilities incurred as a result of their office . The maximum number of meetings that a Director was eligible to attend is listed below . Mr. Santhosh Keshavan was appointed as an Independent Director of  Committee met 28 (twenty-eight) times on April 23, 2024, May 08, June 22, . June 28, June 28 and June 29, 2024 . Committee met three (three) times in September 10, 2024 and February 17, 2025, March 05, 2025 and March 27, 2025 . Committee approved re-allocation of resources within IT to facilitate meeting the review of third-party assessment outcomes, risks and compliance pertaining ities and overseeing IT risks and controls . IT Strategy Committee approved IT strategy and related policy documents and reviewed the sam planning process in place . Monitoring progress of achievement in digital transactions in line with th . Exploring new opportunities for increasing digital transactions . Mr. Srinivasa Rangan was inducted as a Member .  The Board at its meeting held on March 27, 2025 approved the increase in amount of sitting fees payable to the members of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, CSR & ESG Committee, Fraud Monitoring Committee, Committee for Resolution of NCLT Matters and Premises Committee . Mr. Chakraborty was re-appointed as the Part-time Chairman and Independent Director of the Bank for a period of 3 (three) years with effect from May 05, 2024 up to May 04, 2027 (both days inclusive) and not liable to retire by rotation . N. N. Srinivasan, Chief Financial Officer Vaidyanathan and Chief Information Officer Suketu Kapadia have been elevated to Group Head - Compliance .  NCL issued warning vide letter dated February 14, 2025 pursuant to inspection conducted in Futures & Options segment for the period October 01, 2022 to September 30, 2024 . Warning letter stated that the Bank has accepted that inadvertently it has missed uploading the G-sec de-allocation file which resulted in excess allocation . RBI levied a penalty of ` 10,000 (Rupees Ten Thousand only) on the Bank under Section 11(3) of FEMA, 1999 . Bank was required to open a Special Non-Resident Rupee Account (SNRR) whereas it continued with Resident Current Account of a non-resident bank, even after it ceased its operation in India in June 2016 . During FY 2024- The Bank’s Code of Conduct and Ethics  Price Waterhouse LLP expressed an unmodified opinion on those figures reported in the Stan . Batliboi & Purohit do alone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024, were jointly audited by M M Nissim & anking Regulation Act, 1949 . The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions . Audit is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs isstatements can arise from fraud or error . The audit trail feature was not enabled in two accounting software and two databases . Audit looked at ‘in-scope’ IT systems and IT dependencies relevant for audit of the Standalone Financial Statements and financial reporting process of the Bank .  The procedures selected ment of the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone fficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion nce to Standalone Financial Statements . A Bank's internal financial controls with se policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets . Price Waterhouse LLP Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 301112E/E300264 Sharad Vasant Partner Membership Number: 101119 UDIN: 25101119BMIFBA5214 Place: Mumbai, April 19, 2025 (` in ‘000) HDFC Bank Limited FLOW STATEMENT d March 31 31, 2024 (‘000’) 1 (21,870,101) (13,323,911)  HDFC Bank Limited (‘HDFC Bank’ or the ‘Bank’), incorporated in Mumbai, India is a publicly held banking company engaged in providing a range of banking and financial services . The financial accounting systems of the Bank are centralised and, therefore, accounting returns are not required to be submitted by branches . The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Indian GAAP requires the management to make estimates and necessary assumptions in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities . The impact of any revision in the accounting estimates is recognised prospectively from the period of change . Investments are valued based on the trades / quotes on recognised stock exchanges . Units of mutual funds are valued at the latest Net Asset Value (NAV) declared by the mutual fund .  The estimated useful lives of key fixed assets are given below . Leasehold land is depreciated over the period of lease . Improvements to leasehold premises are amortised over the remaining period . Software and system development expenditure is amorted over a period upto 5 years . Non-Banking Assets acquired in satisfaction of claims are carried at lower of net book value . Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent the carrying amount of assets exceeds their estimated recoverable amount . Foreign currency income and expenditure items of domestic operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction . Interest income on investments in PTCs and loans bought out through the direct assignment route is recognised at their effective interest rate .  The Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 19, 202 ` 19.50 per equity share aggregating to ` 16,834.89 cror General Meeting . The revised norms (herein after referred as ‘revised norms of investment portfolio of banks, which became applicable was classified under the Held to Maturity (HTM), Available for Sale (AFS), subsidiaries, asso (FVTPL) with Held for Trading (HFT) as a sub-category of portfolio . The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio computed under Basel Particulars CET 1 capital . and additional capital applicable to the Bank being III is given below: (` crore) The assumptions considered in the model for valuing  The average LCR for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, 31, 2024, was ` 725,568.81 crore, as against ` 558,424.9 period the composition of government securities and trea the previous year . Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) is one of the Basel Co The objective of the LCR is to promote the short-term resili that banks have an adequate stock of unencumbered . The top 20 depositors comprised of 4.32% of to 356 HDFC Bank . The company's annual statement statement is expected to be released by March 31 . The bank's annual results show that for the year on March 31 2025, the firm will not be released . For the year  Details of tri-party repo / reverse repo deals excluding t 31, 2024: Minimum Particulars outstanding during the year FV1 MV2 Securities sold under repo 1. Government securities - - 2.2 Corporate debt securities - 3.2 Securities kept as margin with the RBI . Details of Government Security Lending (T he Bank has not done any Government Secur and March 31, 24, 2024, under the Reserve Bank of December 27, 2023) Details of Resolution Plan (RP) implemented u Assets dated June 07, 2019: March 31 31, 2025 March 31 , 2019:  For the year e 370 HDFC Bank Limited as at th to ` 4,645.03 crore . Includes NPA of ` 214.44 crore .  As at the end of the - - er liability amounting to ` 207.40 crore (Previous year: ` 522.65 crore) till he Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress solution Framework 1.0) and May 05, 2021 . # Represents debt that slipped into NPA and was subsequentl * Amount paid by the borrower during the year is net of addition ^Excludes other facilities to the borrowers aggregating to ` 27 • Details of resolution plan implemented under as per RBI circular dated August 06, 2020 (R Framework 2.0), as at March 31, 2024 are given Type of Borrower Exposure to accounts Of (A), aggr classified as Standard that slippe consequent to during the implementation of .  The trading book is managed within the trading oard of Directors . Derivative business is administered throug sensitivity limits, scenario based profit and loss limit for that are recommended by the Risk Policy and Monitoring methodologies that are used to assess market and credit and credit risk units . There are no Off-Balance Sheet SPVs sponsored by the Statutory Reports and Financial Statements (` in crore except number of accounts) The Bank has not transacted in credit default swaps 13 . The Board of Directors of the Bank has constituted ‘NRC’) for overseeing and governing the compensation of executive directors as of March 31, 2025 . The primary mandate of the NRC is to oversee and r The NRC periodically reviews the overall Remunerati employees .  The Lord Krishna Bank (eLKB) under the Indian Banks’ A Determinants of Fixed Pay: T he fixed pay is primarily determined by taking into location, market competitiveness of pay and is . Employees in Executive Vice President and above grades, Risk and Control Staff and Key Management Personnel are approved by the NRC and the Board, and is subject to the erial Risk Takers . The Bank believes in sustained business perfor has devised appropriate deterrents in order to i M alus Arrangement: The provision of a Malus portion of reward (cash variable pay / long term incentive (LTI) i define malus thus “A malus arrangement per deferred remuneration) 50% will be variable and paid on the basis of individual, business-  The Bank has formulated PLPs for its sales, col sales, collections and service targets . A substantial portion of compensation i.e. at least unit and organization performance . A portion of the PLP any unforeseen performance risks could be paid out monthly or quarterly . In 2023-24, the deferment of cash variable pay and 4 years (vesting period) in the st at the end of deferral period and will be spread out over the ould not be before one year from the commencement of the . first vesting of 398 HDFC Bank Limited LONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ded March 31, 2025 ployee. The mean pay for the whole staff is 0.08 mean pay . Bank believes in sustained business perfor has devised appropriate deterrents  HDFC Bank Limited LONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ded March 31, 2025 roforma information to the RBI on a half yearly basis . The Bank prepares and submits its Ind AS is well prepared for Ind AS implementation as and regulations, accounting standards / guidance and b T he RBI, vide its circular dated September 12, 2023 of investments, has implemented the revised norms . The plan assets at the Bank's end of the fiscal year on Social Security Code’s (the Code) on September 28, 2020). The Bank's plan assets are at the highest level at the end of March, 2025 . Expected return on plan assets is 7.50% (6.50%) (670% per annum 6.20%) (8.  Segment reporting for the year ended March 31, 2025 is given Business segments: Sr. Particulars Treasury No. D ba 1 Segment revenue 62,227.48 - Less: Inter-segment revenue . Income from operations (1) + (2) - (3) Segment results** 14,190.10 - Unallocated expenses (10) - - (12) 7,623.09 56.18 . Retail Banking Segment is related to Digital Banking Units of the axation . Domestic International Total 341,179.71 4 . Domestic operations comprise branches outside India . Domestic and foreign operations are reported as domestic operations and foreign . Segment assets 991,874.12 - Segment liabilities 83,340.  The details of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) act given below: Sr. Particulars No. 1 Amount required to be spent by the Bank during the year . Amount of expenditure incurred* Amount available for set off from preceding financial years . Notional amounts of financial instruments such as e contracts and derivatives provide a basis for comparison with ognised on the Balance Sheet but do not necessarily indicate the current fair value of the instruments . The Bank is required to comply with the Master Circular dated April 02, 2024 issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on “Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning pertaining to Advances” Audit focused on monitoring of credit quality, identification and classification of Non-performing Advances in accordance with IRAC norms .  The following Key Audit Matters were included in the a Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP, of HDB Financial Services Limi an unmodified audit opinion on the special purpose finani . The Holding Company’s key financial accounting and reporting processes recording premium, commission, benefits paid, investments amongst others are highly dependent on IT systems including automated controls . There exists a risk that deficiencies / gaps in the IT control environment (including General IT Controls and automated application controls) could result in a significant misstatement in the financial statements . The risk higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may inv or the override of internal control . Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, Bank and it's subsidiaries incorporated in India, has  Report: Statement dealt with by this report are in agreement the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Fina . Employee Welfare Trust, whose financial information reflect total assets t March 31, 2025, total revenue of ` 158.76 crores, profit after 63 crores . No funds (which are material either or invested (either from borrowed funds or invested) have been invested in any of such subsidiaries to or in any other perso . Dividends declared and paid during the year is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act . For Price Waterhouse LLP F Chartered Accountants, they say they did not notice audit trail has been per the statutory requirements for record retention . The audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit system with reference to Consolidated Financial Statemen  Authorised capital of HDFC Bank Limited is 7,65,22,21,674 . The bank's net worth is currently at an estimated $11.9 billion . For Price Waterhouse LLP For Batliboi & Purohit Chartered Accountants. Chartered accountants ICAI Firm Registration No.: IcaI Firm . ganath Sunita Maheshwari dependent Director Independent Director ily Vadera Harsh Kumar Bhan . For the year of 2016, the Company reported net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities .  34,010.95 336,964.81 (10  Cash and cash equivalents include Cash and balances with Reserve B (Refer Schedule 6 and Schedule 7) As per our report of even date.  The Bank had not consolidated its subsidiaries viz. HDFC Credila Financial Services Limited and HDFC Education and Development Services Private Limited . The control of these subsidiaries was intended to be temporary (as directed by RBI) on the date of their acquisition . The consolidated financial statements have been prepared and presented under the historical cost convention and accrual basis of accounting, unless otherwise stated . They are in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (‘Indian GAAP’) The preparation of co. sed in consolidation are drawn up to the same reporting date as that of the Group . Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial . statements are prudent and reasonable . The impact of any revision in the accounting estimates is recognised prospectively from the period of change .  Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Actuarial, Finance and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulations, 2024 as amended . All debt securities excluding AT I Bonds, and non- convertible preference shares are stated at historical cost subject to amortisation of premium or accretion of discount on constant yield to maturity basis . The general insurance entity assesses whether any impairment has occurred on its investments at each reporting date . If any such indication exists, then carrying value of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount / market value on the reporting date and the impairment loss is recognised in the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account . Non-performing advances are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy, the Bank has implemented resolution plans for eligible borrowers .  Interest income recognised in the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account on an accrual basis, except in the case of non-performing assets which is recognised when realised . Interest income on investments in PTCs and loans bought out through the direct assignment route is recognised at their effective interest rate . Income from units of mutual funds is recognised on cash basis . Premium for products having regular premium paying plans with limited and / or predetermined policy term is considered as regular premium . Premium on lapsed policies is accounted 474 HDFC Bank Limited DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS arch 31, 2025 for as income when such policies are reinstated . The Bank contributes an amount, on a monthly basis, at a determined rate (currently 12% of employee’s basic salary)  Premium on excess 480 HDFC Bank Limited DATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS arch 31, 2025 of loss reinsurance cover is accounted . Reinsurance premium ceded on unearned premium is carried forward to the period of risk . Profit commission on reinsurance ceded (if applicable) is netted off against premium . The proposed dividend was not appropriated in the actual payout post approval . The Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 04, 202 for the amalgamation of . (i) erstwhile HDFC Investments Limited (“eHDFC Holdings”), with and into (ii) eHDFC Limited into . HDFC Limited . The amalgamation was accounted under the ‘pooling ‘Accounting for amalgamation” (‘AS-14’)  The assumptions considered in the model for valuing March 31, 2024 are given below: Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life of the units 488 HDFC Bank Limited . The fair value of options has been estimated on the of HDBFS are not listed on any stock exchange . HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited has granted options to its employees under the ESOS 2019, ESOS 2022 and ESOS 2024 schemes . The mode of settlement is through equity shares . 25% of the options granted shall vest on the completion of 3 years . The remaining for future employees of HDFC HDFC Capital . The options will vest over a period of two from the date of grant and are exercisable over a . period of options vested .  The assumptions considered in the model for valuing March 31, 2024 are given below: Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected life of the options 6.50% to 0.40% ESOS is the largest trust organisation in the world . HDFC Asset Management Company Limited ( Under Employees Stock Option Scheme 2020 (ESOS 20 of these tranches consisting of 1/3 of the . options granted date of the grant respectively . Any fractional residue shall a period of five years from the date of respective vesting . The options can be exercised over Stock Option Plans us employee stock option plans as at March 31 . 2025 . The Group has made an appropriation of ` 17,260.30 crore (previous atutory Reserve pursuant to the requirements of Section 17 of and 45 IC of the RBI Act, 1934 respectively .  The Group contributed ` 1,110.49 crore (previous year: ` 9 ` 18.80 crore) to the National Pension Scheme (for emplo to the superannuation plan) The effective date and rules for quantifying the financial impact are not yet issued . Retail banking segment provides loans, n emerging corporates, public sector units, governme . Wholesale banking provides loans and provides loans to emerging corporations . Other banking Operations includes income from parabanking a distribution, primary dealership business and the as e) Insurance business . HDFC Bank Limited Dated FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ded March 31, 2025 (` crore) Domestic International Total 465,946.32 4,969.61 470,915.93 .  The Group’s related party balances and transactions for t Promoter Erstwhile Housing Development Finance Corporation Lim 01, 2023) Subsidiaries Pursuant to the amalgamation of eHDFC Limited . The bank's net assets are total assets minus total liabilities . For the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, earnings per equity share were 1.00 per share . Earnings per equity 7,62.77,77,93,180 and 7,08,48,07,443 . Claims against the Bank not The Grou acknowledged as debts – taxation pending . Partly paid investments This rep investme . Liability on account of forward The Gro exchange and derivative contracts rate agr participa are com rate .  HDFC Bank’s sustainability journey began about a decade ago when it officially adopted ‘Sustainability’ as the fifth value, alongside customer focus, operational excellence, product leadership and people . The Bank operates through three key business verticals: / Corporate Banking Commercial / Rural Banking segment are large . Retail Branches: 9,441 ATMs & Cash Deposit & Presence in 4,150 town International Branches : 5 (Hong Kon City*) Representative offices: *International Banking Unit located at Gift City, Gandhinagar, Gujarat . The bank is also working on leveraging digital initiatives to extend its reach in the deeper geographies of the geographies . We expanded our reach to over 2,35,000 villages, with 51% of the branches in rural and semi-urban areas .  The Bank upholds the principles of an inclusive e gender diversity at the workplace . As of March 31, 2025, 2,507 of the branches / offi were green by the Indian Green Building Council SO 27001: 2013 and NIST framework . The Bank aspires to be carbon neutral by FY Integrated Annual Report . The CSR and ESG Committee of the Board has direct oversight on ESG and sustainability related issues . The Committee is chaired by an independent director and meets on a quarterly basis . Numb number of complaints received in relation to the issues of conflict of interest of directors . Number of days of accounts payables (Accounts following format) Number of trading houses where purc from . Concentration of purchases and sales w and advances .  The ‘Conduct Philosophy’ enshrines that the Bank is an eq of race, caste, religion, colour, colour . 2,044 of the Bank’s branches have ramps for visually challenged customers . The Bank adopts a comprehensive multi-dimensional perf individual goal setting, continuous feedback, and career d mid-year and (ii) annual review . Employees set p supervisors at the beginning of the year . Performance Evaluation: The Bank conducts experience, which is aggregated and the scores of the s discussion of managers are also evaluated . The Human Resources department engages closely with The employees have access to the ‘My Concern’ portal to put nd redirected to relevant teams for resolution . Third party audits carried out on a pan-India basis  The Bank strictly adheres to the conduct philosophy ad labour . The conduct philosophy includes mechanisms to abuse, sexual harassment, sexual abuse and slavery of e harassment . An Internal Complaints Committee is in place mechanism that provides a comprehensive framework fo relevant stakeholders . The Bank does not generate industrial wastewater . The NOx, SOx and PM emissions provided above a operational boundary . These emissions have been calcul the USEPA . While nature of banking operations does not typically re within its premises . As on March 31, 2025, 19 locations and purchased green power at 19 locations . Emissions: 562.76 35,351.32 35,818.59  Scope 1 emissions include emissions from company- from air conditioners and fire extinguishers . Scope 2 emissions  The Bank does not have 566 HDFC Bank Limited ND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT . 421.82 tonnes of waste were diverted from landfill handed over to authorized recyclers . In and co-located data centres led to the generation and recycling aste gically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife rsity hotspots, forests, forests) The Bank has adopted a well laid out Customer Service A to ensure seamless and quality customer service . The Bank also assesses the corporate SG & climate change, transition plans and their transition plans . Cybersecurity Policy is based based on the guidelines provided by the G.N.G. Risk Management and Cyber Frauds (Grishna Tna T-53) This interia covers critical areas of IT governance, IT  The Statement is provided with the intention of inform Responsibilities . The Bank takes proactive measures to ensure the reliabilit the highest standards of information and cyber security sensitive data . SGS India Private Limited is an independent assurance of the Company’s BRSR Core attribu 31, 2025 . Board Meeting for Saturday, April 19, 2025 consideration of Annual Financial Statements Date, Time and Venue of Friday, August 8, 2025 at the 31st (Thirty First) Annual General Meeting Conference Record date for determining eligibility of dividend Dividend declaration date Friday . Expected date of payment of On or after Monday, August 11, dividend 2025 . Listing fees for the FY 2024-25 has been duly paid to the above referred Stock Exchanges .  SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 mandates listed companies to make all payments to investors including dividend to shareholders, by using any RBI approved electronic mode of payment . Dividends of the Bank and HDFC Limited for and up to the financial year ended March 31, 2017 have already been transferred to the IEPF . Voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owners of such shares claim these shares . Shareholders who fail to submit the dematerialization request to their respective Depository Participant within 120 days can claim those shares . The details of unclaimed dividends for the financial . year ended 2018 onwards and the last date for claiming such dividends are given hereinafter . The Bank’s shares which are in dematerialized form are transferable through the depository system .  For customer queries, write to customer-service@hdf